{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red92\green38\blue153;\red46\green13\blue110;\red170\green13\blue145;
\red38\green71\blue75;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 remaining work :   map implementation......\
\
2...calendar implementation...\
3....work for ipad all screens....\
4...qr scan\
5...forgot password\
6...setting\
7....recent Tag.....P1........\
8.....navigation from one view to other take time\
9.....video thumbnail images.....\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17962473/i-want-to-display-a-videothumbnail-image-of-a-video-from-url-in-my-uiimageview-f"}}{\fldrslt http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17962473/i-want-to-display-a-videothumbnail-image-of-a-video-from-url-in-my-uiimageview-f}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10496445/how-to-extract-images-from-a-video"}}{\fldrslt http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10496445/how-to-extract-images-from-a-video}}\
\
10......save the video....\
11...reminder iphone...\
12...\
13...\
14...\
15...\
\
\
									\
\
uibutton programatically.....\
\
\
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0  \cf2 UIView\cf0  *itemView = [[\cf2 UIView\cf0  \cf3 alloc\cf0 ] \cf3 initWithFrame\cf0 :itemFrame];\
        itemView.\cf2 autoresizingMask\cf0  = \cf3 UIViewAutoresizingNone\cf0 ;\
        itemView.\cf2 backgroundColor\cf0  = [\cf2 UIColor\cf0  \cf3 clearColor\cf0 ];        \
        itemView.\cf2 opaque\cf0  = \cf4 NO\cf0 ;\
                \
\
\
   uiview *itemview =[[uiview alloc] initwithFrame:itemFrame];\
    itemview.autoresizingMask =uiviewautoresizingNone;\
     itemView.backgroundcolor  =[ uicolor clearcolor];  \
\
    \
        [contentView \cf3 addSubview\cf0 :itemView];\
        \
        \cf4 if\cf0  (menuItem.\cf5 enabled\cf0 ) \{\
        \
            \cf2 UIButton\cf0  *button = [\cf2 UIButton\cf0  \cf3 buttonWithType\cf0 :\cf3 UIButtonTypeCustom\cf0 ];\
            button.\cf2 tag\cf0  = itemNum;\
            button.\cf2 frame\cf0  = itemView.\cf2 bounds\cf0 ;\
            button.\cf2 enabled\cf0  = menuItem.\cf5 enabled\cf0 ;\
            button.\cf2 backgroundColor\cf0  = [\cf2 UIColor\cf0  \cf3 clearColor\cf0 ];\
            button.\cf2 opaque\cf0  = \cf4 NO\cf0 ;\
            button.\cf2 autoresizingMask\cf0  = \cf3 UIViewAutoresizingNone\cf0 ;\
            \
            [button \cf3 addTarget\cf0 :\cf4 self\cf0 \
                       \cf3 action\cf0 :\cf4 @selector\cf0 (performAction:)\
             \cf3 forControlEvents\cf0 :\cf3 UIControlEventTouchUpInside\cf0 ];\
            \
            [button \cf3 setBackgroundImage\cf0 :selectedImage \cf3 forState\cf0 :\cf3 UIControlStateHighlighted\cf0 ];\
\
\
   tableview methods:\
\
\
   webview methods:\
\
  How to put on github....\
\
\
\
\
\
\
            
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}